the material I'm speaking to people
right now on a MacBook
and the MacBook has rare earth metals
and it's made of aluminum and plastic
and stuff
those materials on their own taken out
of the ground what I don't I don't know
maybe there's a tiny little bit of gold
in there and and Palladium and tantalum
and rare earth metals and so on you add
it all up I don't know maybe it comes to
50 American dollars okay that's after
lithium lithium in the battery maybe
that comes to 100.
it certainly doesn't come to the some
thousands that the computer is worse
right
so why how has it gone from this raw
materials that were worth some hundreds
of dollars
when rearranged become a device worth
thousands
the wealth has been created that
additional cost has been created where
by people's knowledge by the inventor
and the Creator's knowledge and the work
of people not merely putting the thing
together but